close your eyes stew you haven't done
anything special have you
close your eyes
tada
oh you've gone to so much trouble yep
god is that your ibs no it's lunch take
a seat
i'll pull you a drink
thanks pleasure
do you like it it's lush look in the
shop said it does great with fish
who having fish no beef hey bro
lovely to have you back dad what do you
want rosh camp
on gangs how do you say this link we're
in the middle of something
i'm not missing my effects of the bald
beast just because you two have had a
wee tiff
it was more than just a tiff willy that
was your holiday
it wasn't a holiday it was a time for
reflection and rejuvenation
hi my holiday right it's done now can
you go
as you wish this anus won't bleach
itself
oh christ i have told him look
you know that i think that willie is
bonkers-tastic
but it's just we do have bertha to
consider i know and he's always got so
many randoms up there
i mean there was an amazon delivery man
in his room for two days and the noises
but look this isn't about willie
i'm really sorry i spoiled the
anniversary i know you are
but if you just listened to me in the
first place you wouldn't keep having
panic attacks
i'm not used to camping glamping go and
see my spiritualist
you can't cure panic attacks with
crystals we've been through this
you can i don't know i i missed the
stewart that i met at magaluf
the one who bought me chips and stole a
pedalo i only said i stole it to look
sexy
exactly you were impulsive but it feels
like you've
given up on life we've got a baby having
to wait for three days
i know plenty of people with babies and
they still manage to have fun
really it's what nannies are for please
not nanny's now we can't afford it it's
not about the money
it's about finding out who we really are
you're diving into the unknown
seizing the day i do seize the day i
grew this because you said it made me
look hip
and it does you look so naughty
but that's enough do you want me to
whack something
[Music]
no you don't need to charlie's looking
after her is he charging you again
no he doesn't even pay rent no wonder we
can't afford a nanny no but i owe him
he sorted out the mortgage for me
doesn't mean it's his house
i'm just gonna give her some fresh air
have you got her milk no i finished it
charlie
i joke have asked kate to look after her
i do like kate but she's your ex-wife
yeah and she's great in everything you
know so much energy for someone of her
age
but it's just that i'm yin and she is
incredibly yang
and i just don't think it's a good idea
for bertha to be around so much yang
do you
you hungry starving charlie ate my
breakfast
lunch
[Music]
you piss off
oh
[Music]
hummus baby sausages i thought we were
having beef
beef's a bit black
so this is lunch yeah
out like a light
what up
no i don't know just looks a bit
yucky right
i know but we have chips chips
yeah it leave it with me
every day